Add Patrol docs to testing section (#13298)
flutter/website: src/content/testing/overview.md

The app under test is typically isolated
from the test driver code to avoid skewing the results.

The Flutter SDK includes the [`integration_test`][] package.
However, this package can't interact with native platform UI,
such as permission dialogs, notifications, or platform views.

> For apps that need native interactions, you can use [Patrol][],

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For apps that need native interactions, you can use the [`patrol`][] package,
```

an open-source framework that extends Flutter's testing
capabilities with native platform support.

For more information on how to write integration tests, see the [integration
testing page][].

[`integration_test`]: {{site.repo.flutter}}/tree/main/packages/integration_test

> [Patrol]: {{site.pub-pkg}}/patrol

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[`patrol`]: {{site.pub-pkg}}/patrol
```

### Recipes {:.no_toc}

- [Integration testing concepts](/cookbook/testing/integration/introduction)

> - [Write and run an integration test](/testing/integration-tests)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Write and run a Flutter integration test](/testing/integration-tests)
```

> - [Write and run a Patrol test](/testing/patrol-tests)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Write and run a Patrol integration test](link-to-patrol-docs)
```
